This project gave me an issue becuase I had trouble compiling the project with Visual Studio and getting the uWebSockets to work for the simulator. After plenty of troubleshooting, I find out that a lot of people were having trouble with the Windows implementation of the project. After consulting with the forums and my mentor, I tried to give Docker a try. Still no luck. Finally, my mentor suggested I try the Linux subsystem new to one of the most recent updates to Windows 10. That worked like a charm. CMake and uWebSockets were extremely easy to install, and the subsystem allowed for easy compilation of my C++ project. I will definitely be using the Linux subsystem in the future for my C++ projects.

In a PID controller, 'P' is the proportional term where the steering angle is proportional to the CTE multiplied a factor of Tau. A 'P' controller alone is only marginally stable becuase it will consistently overshoot. For this project, I chose a Tau factor of 0.2 for the 'P' term because, though I didn't actually test it, I suspect that a really small Tau for the 'P' term wouldn't take corners very well, especially at higher speeds.

'D' is the differential term that helps with the overshooting or oscillations of the car. 'D' is the difference between the CTE at time 't' and the CTE at time 't-1' multiplied by a factor of Tau. What this does is when the car steers in proportion to the CTE, the 'D' term will counter-steer, allowing for the car to gently steer in the direction of the reference, thus reducing the oscillations. For this, I chose a Tau of 0.0008. The idea behind this small number is to try to minimize the effect (visually) of the counter-steering. In other words, I didn't want the counter-steering to have so much of an effect that it created oscillations as the car was moving toward the reference.

Lastly, 'I' is the integral term which is the sum of all of the CTEs and helps cancel out the steering drift. In the total error, this term is multiplied by a factor of Tau. I chose a factor of 3.5 for really no good reason other than it was half way between 3 and 4, and I couldn't decide whether I thought 3 or 4 made the simulator perform better.

I tuned the parameters manually, as I visually watched the simulator perform. My initial Tau values weren't too far off from what I ended up with. In a future implementation of this project, I want to add a PID controller for the throttle, so the car moves more smoothly in and out of corners.
